Questions

1.	Name all data types 

Data types are: integer, float, double, long double, bool, char

2.	Name all data structures

Data structures are:
	
C++: array, set, vector, queue, priority queue, dequeue, maps, string* (array of characters)

Python: dictionary, list, tuple, string* (list of chars)
			
3.	Please describe what is object oriented programming for nontechnical person

Object oriented programming is a kind of model or pattern that describes real-world problem using objects and interactions between them. It consist of classes that precise properties of created objects using methods and attributes.

Example 1:
Class is a blueprint of car, it define, that car has four wheels, engine, color and gearbox.
Object is instances of given blueprint with concrete engine power, blue color and automatic gearbox.

Example 2:
Class can be Animal or mammal with number of legs and given sound. 
Object can be cat with four legs, and say miau, miau.

4.	What is a class 

Class:
It's a blueprint or description for the object. It consist of attributes and methods.


5.	What is an object

Object:
It's an instance of the class. Object has unique name.
Eg: for class Auto, Mercedes is object of the class.

6.	What’s the difference between class and object

Class							Object
It's a blueprint or description for the object.		The object is an instance of a class.
A class is a logical entity				Object is a physical entity
A class does not allocate memory space.			Object allocates memory space whenever they are created.
You can declare class only once.			You can create more than one object using a class.
Example: Car.						Example: Jaguar, BMW, Tesla, etc.
Class generates objects.				Objects provide life to the class.

7.	Name 4 Object Oriented Programming principles

There are 4 major principles that make an language Object Oriented.
These are Encapsulation, Data Abstraction, Polymorphism and Inheritance. 
These are also called as four pillars of Object Oriented Programming.

8.	What is encapsulation

A language mechanism for restricting direct access to some of an object’s components.
Encapsulation is achieved when each object keeps its state private, inside a class.
Other objects don’t have direct access to this state.

9.	What is inheritance

Inheritance is a mechanism that allows one class to gain the properties of another class,
in the same way, that a child inherits some attributes from each of their parents. 
Inheritance allows programmers to create a new class that reuses the data members and methods of an existing class.

10.	What is abstraction 

Its main goal is to hide unnecessary complex details of code from the user. 
That enables the user to implement more complex logic on top of the provided abstraction without 
understanding or even thinking about all the hidden complexity.
Eg: coffee machine
You don’t need to know is how the coffee machine is making a fresh cup of coffee.
You don’t need to know the ideal temperature of the water, preasure or the amount of ground coffee you need to use. 
Someone else worried about that. You have to only press a button.


